Spelling and grammar fixes (#6902)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/developer/source/release-guide/index.rst

Versions and revisions
----------------------

> When performing a release, we don't require a "code freeze" in which no developers can commit to the repository. Instead, we release from a revision that is known to pass all tests, including unit/integration tests as well as CITE tests.

Reviewer: We do not really run CITE tests presently :(

Create the download page
------------------------

> The `GeoServer website <http://geoserver.org/>`_ is managed as a `GitHub Pages repository <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver.github.io>`_. Follow the `instructions <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver.github.io#releases>`_ in the repository to create a download page for the release. This requires the URL of the blog post announcing the release, so wait until after you have posted the announcement to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GeoServer website <http://geoserver.org/>`_ is managed as a `GitHub Pages repository <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver.github.io>`_. Follow the `instructions <https://github.com/geoserver/geoserver.github.io#releases>`_ in the repository to create a release announcement.

The announcement page header fields includes the information required to generate generate a download page for the release. 
```
